Legal Disclaimer
This Presentation and any other information and/or materials provided to you are intended only for discussion purposes and are not intended as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any business, asset, limited liability company interest, convertible debt or other security of Block Time Financial, LLC (the “Company”) and should not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any business, assets or securities.  These materials are not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use is contrary to local law or regulation. This Presentation is intended exclusively for your use.  
This Presentation is not intended to be a complete description of the Company or its future business. Material aspects of the descriptions contained herein may change at any time.  Any offer or sale of securities by the Company will be made only by means of a subscription or purchase agreement and related documentation to be distributed at a later date.
This Presentation contains statements that constitute "forward-looking statements."  All statements, other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements.  Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words "targets," "plans," "believes," "expects," "intends," "will," "likely," "may," "anticipates," "estimates", "potential”,  "projects," "should," "would," "strategy," "future" , “forecast "or words, phrases or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond the control of the Company, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  These factors include the Company’s short operating history; the inability to achieve targeted or expected rates of return; the performance and/or results of prior investments and/or transactions made by or involving the Company or its founders prior to the formation of the Company, which are not indicative of the Company’s future results; and the uncertainty of forecasts and financial projections. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  The Company disclaims any obligation to update such factors or to announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.
While the information presented in this Presentation is believed to be accurate, neither the Company nor any of its affiliates or representatives (1) makes any express or implied warranty as to the completeness or accuracy of this Presentation, (2) shall be liable for errors appearing in this Presentation, or (3) has any duty to update this Presentation or any of the information contained herein.
Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names referred to in this Presentation are without the ® and ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. This Presentation contains additional trademarks, service marks and trade names of others, which, to our knowledge, are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other parties’ trademarks, trade names or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other parties.

Terms of Service
Neither Block Time Financial, Inc. nor any officer, director, employee, shareholder, contractor, or any person associated with it, (collectively, Block Time Financial), is a registered investment advisor. Opinions, information and trade highlights on this website, or any other forum, including, but not limited to blogs, social media, interviews and other broadcast media, (each, a “Media Channel”), are not to be relied upon as investment advice, but are solely meant to help users educated themselves.  All persons using this site are advised everyone to learn the risks involved with trading stocks and options, and to seek qualified, professional advice before engaging in any financial transaction.  Securities trading, including those involving stocks, bonds and options highlighted by Block Time Financial, Inc and its personnel, is an inherently risky activity. Traders must do their own research, and understand all the risks involved in any transaction.  . Block Time Financial, Inc. while attempting to deliver accurate information, cannot and does not in any way guarantee success on any trade.

U.S. Government Required Disclaimer — Commodity Futures Trading Commission.

Futures and options trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risk. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to invest in the futures and options markets. Don't trade with money you can't afford to lose. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this website. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.

CFTC RULE 4.41 — HYPOTHETICAL OR SIMULATED PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. UNLIKE AN ACTUAL PERFORMANCE RECORD, SIMULATED RESULTS DO NOT REPRESENT ACTUAL TRADING. ALSO, SINCE THE TRADES HAVE NOT BEEN EXECUTED, THE RESULTS MAY HAVE UNDER-OR-OVER COMPENSATED FOR THE IMPACT, IF ANY, OF CERTAIN MARKET FACTORS, SUCH AS LACK OF LIQUIDITY. SIMULATED TRADING PROGRAMS IN GENERAL ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO THE FACT THAT THEY ARE DESIGNED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFIT OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN

Options involve risk. Prior to buying or selling an option, an investor must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. Investors need a broker to trade options, and must meet suitability requirements.

OCC Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options
[OCC Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options](https://www.theocc.com/company-information/documents-and-archives/options-disclosure-document)